docs(AI): Add more details to requirements (#12078)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/ai/app_context_chat.rst

* CPU Sizing

   * At least 12GB of system RAM

>    * Below version 3, 10-20 Cores, the more cores the faster it will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Below version 3, 10-20 Cores, the more cores (physical cores) the faster the prompt processing will be. Overall performance will increase with an increase in memory bandwidth (more memory sticks and/or higher DDR version)
```
